Now let's look at Lambda
from a securities perspective.
So there is the Lambda execution role,
which is an IAM role that is attached
to your Lambda function,
and it grants the Lambda function permissions
to several AWS services and resources.
And the simple managed policies for Lambda
you have is, for example, the AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole.
And what does it do?
Well, it uploads logs into CloudWatch, very simple,
but you need these permissions.
You also have the AWSLambdaKinesisExecutionRole
to read from Kinesis.
The LambdaDynamoDBExecutionRole
to read from DynamoDB streams.
There is one for SQS.
There is one for deploying Lambda functions in VPC,
because you actually need to create
network interfaces and so on.
There is a managed policy to upload trace data
to X-Ray and so on.
So what you have to think
about is that when you deploy a Lambda function,
you need to understand,
what is this Lambda function interacting with?
There is no magic.
You need to create an IAM role
that has the proper permission
so that your Lambda function can function correctly.
So in the case of an event source mapping
that invokes Lambda function,
the Lambda function will use the execution role
to read the event data.
The best practice is to create
one Lambda execution role per function.
You can also create resource policies
for your Lambda functions
to give access to other accounts and services.
You give them permissions to use your Lambda function.
So it's very similar to an S3 bucket policy for S3 buckets.
And then, an IAM principle can access Lambda
either if the IAM policy
attached to principle authorizes it,
so direct user access,
or if the resource-based policy will authorize it,
so this is for a service to service access.
So when do we need this?
Well, when you have a service, like Amazon S3,
that will invoke your Lambda function based on S3 events,
then you need to use a resource-based policy
to give it access.
So Lambda can write to CloudWatch Logs.
So your Lambda function will send logs to CloudWatch
into a log group and will have multiple log streams.
And so the execution role must contain, number one,
the CreateLogGroup permission
to actually create the target log group.
Then CreateLogStream to create individual log streams
which correspond to your Lambda function executions.
And then, PutLogEvents to actually send log events
into your log streams.
And, finally, DescribeLogStreams to find the proper one.
So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.